The easiest way to move villagers in
Minecraft. I just saw this video from
Exumavoid that shows how to move
villagers without boats or mine carts.
Basically, you break all the job site
blocks in a village and then craft a
bunch of composters and place them in a
line in the direction you want the
villagers to go. Then you break the
composters from the start of the line to
the end. And as you do this, you'll
break the villagers job site blocks so
they'll move down the line to claim
another job. And this is pretty good,
but it only works during the day and on
non-nitwit adult villagers. So, if you
want to kidnap babies or lazies, you
can. And it requires a ton of
composters. So, here's a cheaper option
that works in both Java and Bedrock.
First, go around the village and break
all the beds and break the bells. Then,
place a bell in a bed where you want the
villagers to go and ring the bell.
Ringing the bell causes villagers to go
to their beds. And since you destroyed
all the beds, they'll go to the bed you
placed. Then run forward, place another
bed, run back and ring the bell. And
then destroy the bed and all the
villagers will walk to the next bed you
placed.